Marco Atzeri <marco.atzeri@gmail.com> for buf report.

Noli Sicad <nsicad@gmail.com> for testing glpk under Mac OS.

Pietro Scionti <pietro.scionti@archinet.it> for report typos found in
the reference manual.

Noli Sicad <nsicad@gmail.com> for example model in MathProg.

Nigel Galloway <nigel_galloway@operamail.com> for example model in
MathProg.

Xypron <xypron.glpk@gmx.de> for contribution and testing batch scripts
to build Glpk with MS Visual Studio 2010.

Xypron <xypron.glpk@gmx.de> for improving the SQL table driver.

Stefan Vigerske <stefan@math.hu-berlin.de> for bug report.

Uday Venkatadri <Uday.Venkatadri@dal.ca> for bug report.

Xypron <xypron.glpk@gmx.de> for bug fixing and some improvments in the
FPUMP module.

Niels Klitgord <niels@bu.edu> for bug report.

Thomas Kahle <tom111@gmx.de> for some suggestions.

Jonathan Senning <Jonathan.Senning@gordon.edu> for bug report.

Xypron <xypron.glpk@gmx.de> for testing GLPK on 64-bit platforms and
for maintaining Windows versions of the package.

Nelson H. F. Beebe <beebe@math.utah.edu> for bug report.

Larry D'Agostino <Larry.D'Agostino@gmacrescap.com> for example model in
MathProg.

Marco Atzeri <marco_atzeri@yahoo.it> for bug report.

Robert Wood <rgwood01@cox.net> for example model in MathProg.

Sebastien Briais <sbriais@free.fr> for bug report.

Kelly Westbrooks <kellywestbrooks@yahoo.com> for suggestions.

Nigel Galloway <nigel_galloway@operamail.com> for example models in
MathProg.

Xypron <xypron.glpk@gmx.de> for bug patch.

Sebastian Nowozin <nowozin@gmail.com> for example models in MathProg.

Stefan Vigerske <stefan@vigerske.de> for bug report.

Luiz Bettoni <bettoni@cpgei.ct.utfpr.edu.br> for some suggestions.

Nigel Galloway <nigel_galloway@operamail.com> for bug report.

Peter Ingerfeld <peter.ingerfeld@mops-optimizer.com> for bug report.

Heinrich Schuchardt <heinrich.schuchardt@gmx.de> for contribution of
makefiles and testing the package under 64-bit Windows. 

Oscar Gustafsson <oscarg@isy.liu.se> for contribution of a new version
of the routine to write data in OPB (pseudo boolean) format.

Heinrich Schuchardt <heinrich.schuchardt@gmx.de> for some patches for
the MathProg translator.

Markus Pilz <pilz@cs.uni-bonn.de> for bug report.

Anne-Laurence Putz <anne-laurence.putz@eurodecision.com> for bug
report.

Robbie Morrison <robbie@actrix.co.nz> for correcting the glpk manual.

Axel Simon <Axel.Simon@ens.fr> for bug report.

Vijay Patil <vijay.patil@gmail.com> for testing the package under
Windows XP.

Heinrich Schuchardt <heinrich.schuchardt@gmx.de> for contribution of
two MathProg table drivers for iODBC and MySQL.

Rafael Laboissiere <rafael@debian.org> for useful advices concerning
shared library support under GNU/Linux.

Nigel Galloway <Nigel_Galloway@operamail.com> for an example program
in C#.

Enric Rodriguez <erodri@lsi.upc.edu> for bug report.

Nigel Galloway <Nigel_Galloway@operamail.com> for an example MathProg
model.

Roberto Bagnara <bagnara@cs.unipr.it> (Department of Mathematics,
University of Parma, Italy) for bug report.

Peter T. Breuer <ptb@inv.it.uc3m.es> for bug report.

Graham Rockwell <bionomicron@gmail.com> for bug report.

Cedric[FR] <fox2113@wanadoo.fr> for bug report.

Cameron Kellough <Cameron.Kellough@sri.com> for bug report.

Oscar Gustafsson <oscarg@isy.liu.se> for contribution of a routine to
write data in OPB (pseudo boolean) format.

Boris Wirtz <Boris.Wirtz@uni-oldenburg.de> for bug report.

Sebastian Nowozin <nowozin@gmail.com> for three example MathProg
models.

Rafael Laboissiere <rafael@debian.org> for useful advices concerning
shared library support.

Dr. Harley Mackenzie <hjm@hardsoftware.com> for two example MathProg
models (curve fitting problem).

Minh Ha Duong <haduong@centre-cired.fr> for fixing doc typos.

Brady Hunsaker <hunsaker@engr.pitt.edu> for some suggestions concerning
MIP routines.

Karel Zimmermann <kzimm@diamant.jouy.inra.fr> for bug report.

Christophe Caron <caron@diamant.jouy.inra.fr> for bug report.

Nicolo Giorgetti <giorgetti@dii.unisi.it> for contribution of GLPKMEX,
a Matlab MEX interface.

Harley Mackenzie <hjm@bigpond.com> for contribution of GLPK FAQ.

Andre Girard <andre@inrs-emt.uquebec.ca> for bug report.

Morten Welinder <terra@gnu.org> for bug report.

Brady Hunsaker <hunsaker@engr.pitt.edu> for contribution of a routine
for bounds sensitivity analysis.

Chris Rosebrugh <cpr@pobox.com> for contribution of a new version of
GLPK JNI (Java Native Interface).

Ivo van Baren <i.van.baren@freeler.nl> for contribution of GLPK DELI
(Delphi Interface).

Andrew Hamilton-Wright <andrewhw@ieee.org> for bug report.

Jiri Spitz <jiri.spitz@telecom.cz> for bug report.

Giles Thompson <gwpt1@cus.cam.ac.uk> for bug report.

Sebastien de Menten <sdementen@hotmail.com> for bug report.

Kendall Demaree <kendal.demaree@verizon.net> for bug report.

Bernhard Schmidt <schmidt@math.uni-augsburg.de> for bug report.

Yuri Victorovich <yuri@gjt.org> for contribution of GLPK Java binding.

Olivier <odwl@skynet.be> for bug report.

Kjell Eikland <kjell.eikland@broadpark.no> for bug report.

Ivan Luzzi <iluzzi@libero.it> for comments concerning CPLEX LP format.

Peter Lee <plee@kinggee.com.au> for example LP model and bug report.

Morten Welinder <terra@diku.dk> for bug report.

Vlahos Kiriakos <Kiriakos.Vlahos@gs.com> for bug report.

Flavio Keidi Miyazawa <fkm@ic.unicamp.br> for bug report.

Hans Schwengeler <Hans.Schwengeler@unibas.ch> for bug report.

Sami Farin <sfarin@ratol.fi> for bug report.

Peter A. Huegler <phuegler@bsco.com> for bug report.

Alexandre Oliva <oliva@lsd.ic.unicamp.br> for bug report.

Andrew Hood <ajhood@fl.net.au> for bug report.
